Getting started guide (#20)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/getting-started/getting-started.md

layout: guide
title: Getting started
nav_order: 1
has_children: true
permalink: /guide/getting-started/introduction/
main_classes: -no-top-padding
image: /assets/images/guide/getting-started/getting-started-preview.jpg
---

<!--

Editor's notes

A brief introduction and summary of all pages in this section. The idea is that readers
scan this page to get an overview of the section and then decide which topics to dive into.

Illustration sources

- https://www.figma.com/file/qzvCvqhSRx3Jq8aywaSjlr/Bitcoin-Design-Guide-Illustrations-CO?node-id=236%3A467

-->

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/go.jpg"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/go@2x.jpg"
   mobile = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/go-mobile.jpg"
   mobileRetina = "/assets/images/guide/getting-started/go-mobile@2x.jpg"
   alt-text = "The word 'GO' with an arrow pointing right underneath"
   width = 1600
   height = 600
   layout = "full-width"
%}

# Getting started

> Welcome to bitcoin design, you're in for an adventure. This chapter is all about the big concepts that are helpful to be familar with when creating bitcoin products. You'll find a brief summary of each concept onn this page, click through if you would like to dig deeper into a specific topic. Note that this is not meant as a comprehensive overview of all topics bitcoin, but only the ones we think are important to know as a designer working in this space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to bitcoin design, you're in for an adventure. This chapter is all about the big concepts that are helpful to be familiar with when creating bitcoin products. You'll find a brief summary of each concept on this page, click through if you would like to dig deeper into a specific topic. Note that this is not meant as a comprehensive overview of all topics bitcoin, but only the ones we think are important to know as a designer working in this space.
```

---

**[Why bitcoin is unique]({{ '/guide/getting-started/why-bitcoin-is-unique/' | relative_url }})**

> The internet has opened an infinite design space for information and communication. Bitcoin adds the new dimension of transfering value that could bring similar change as previous waves of innovation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The internet has opened an infinite design space for information and communication. Bitcoin adds the new dimension of transferring value that could bring similar change as previous waves of innovation.
```
